## Overview
You are reading this because you want to host your HTML website on Firebase (for that fast global CDN) and make changes via Github. If your website only requires HTML, you can host your HTML code on Github and have any changes you make to the HTML on Github automatically push through CircleCI to Firebase. 

The following tutorial assumes that you have already created accounts at [Github](https://github.com/), [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/), and [CircleCI](https://circleci.com/)  

## Step 1 - Firebase
### Create Firebase Project
Go through the process of creating a new firebase project and make sure to WRITE DOWN the project name for later. 
### Create empty folder in terminal
### Install Firebase CLI on your machine
Follow the CLI installation instructions [here]. (https://firebase.google.com/docs/cli#install_the_firebase_cli) For now there is no way to avoid this, but if I figure it out, I will update this blog.
### Generate Firebase Token for CircleCI
Within the folder that you just created, run the following two commands to generate your token for CircleCI 

 ```
 firebase init
 firebase login:ci
   ```

SAVE this token for later. 

## Step 2 - Github 
### Clone/Download template code to your github
Clone https://github.com/wndsrfr21/templatepage.git into your own github directory

### Update /.circleci/config.yml
#### Change line 11
Change the URL "https://github.com/wndsrfr21/templatepage.git" to your github repository URL that you created above.
#### Change line 13
change `FIREBASE_TOKEN_TEMPLATEPAGE` to whatever you want to name the variable that holds the firebase token. I named the variable after the project name so that the variable would be unique to this project. 
#### Change line 19 (optional)
You can change the name of the work flow "deploy_templatepage_website" to anything that you want. Maybe wait to change this later when you've successfully run this tutorial once so that you don't stack up too many changes at once.
### Update .firebaserc
#### Change line 3
Change `"templatepage-b9a02"` to the project name that was generated by Firebase in the first step. 

## Step 3 - CircleCI
### Link CircleCI to Github Repository
### Create Environmental Variable
Create the token that CircleCI needs to log into Firebase. 

- In the left hand nav bar, click on PROJECTS. 
- In the new page, click on the name of your Github repository. 
- In the upper right of new window, click on PROJECT SETTINGS.  
- In the left hand nav bar of the new page, click on ENVIRONMENTAL VARIABLES
- In the updated main page, click on the blue ADD VARIABLE button

Name your variable `firebase_token_<project name>` as the same name that you picked when modify the /.circleci/config.yml file above.
 
### Deploy to Firebase
To exit out of the Environmental Variable page, click on the "X" in the upper right. 

This will bring you back to the PIPELINES page. The first line should contain the last CircleCI attempt and there should be an ACTIONS column to the far right. Click on the "Rerun Workflow From Start" action. This will have CircleCI restart the process now that you have updated the Firebase token with the necessary information and your page should deploy!

https://stackblitz.com/
https://glitch.com/
